README.md, before:

# Algorithms in Python
An educational project to implement all the algorithms from Anany Levitin's *[Introduction to the Design and Analysis of Algorithms](https://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Design-Analysis-Algorithms-3rd/dp/0132316811)* in Python.

## Algorithms implemented
Searching
- Linear search
- String matching (brute force)

Sorting
- Bubble sort
- Insertion sort
- Selection sort

## Algorithms to do
Brute force and exhaustive search
- Closest pair (by brute force)
- Convex hull (by brute force)
- Traveling salesman
- Knapsack problem
- Assignment problem
- Depth-first search
- Breadth-first search

Decrease-and-conquer
- Topological sorting
- Generating permutations
- Generating subsets
- Binary search
- Fake-coin problem
- Russian peasant multiplication
- Josephus problem
- Selection problem
- Interpolation search
- Searching in a binary tree
- Inserting into a binary tree
- Game of Nim

Divide-and-conquer
- Merge sort
- Quicksort
- Height of a binary tree
- Binary tree traversals (preorder, postorder, inorder)
- Multiplication of large integers
- Strassen's matrix multiplication
- Closest pair
- Convex hull

Transform-and-conquer
- Gaussian elimination
- AVL trees
- 2-3 trees
- Heaps and heapsort
- Horner's Rule
- Least-common multiple
- Counting paths between two vertices in a graph
- Linear programming

Space and time trade-offs
- Counting sort
- Horspool's algorithm
- Boyer-Moore algorithm
- B-trees

Dynamic programming
- Knapsack problem
- Optimal binary search trees
- Warshall's algorithm (transitive closure)
- Floyd's algorithm (all-pairs shortest-paths)

Greedy technique
- Prim's algorithm (minimum spanning tree)
- Kruskal's algorithm (minimum spanning tree)
- Dijkstra's algorithm (single-source shortest-paths)
- Huffman encoding

Iterative improvement
- Maximum flow
- Maximum matching
- Stable marriage

Coping with limitations of algorithm power
- n-Queens problem
- Hamiltonian circuit problem
- Subset-sum problem
- Assignment problem
- Knapsack problem
- Traveling salesman
- Traveling salesman by approximation
- Knapsack problem by approximation
- Bisection method
- Method of false position
- Newton's method

Commit message:

Add note about code organization and testing to the readme

README.md, after:

# Algorithms in Python
An educational project to implement all the algorithms from Anany Levitin's *[Introduction to the Design and Analysis of Algorithms](https://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Design-Analysis-Algorithms-3rd/dp/0132316811)* in Python.

The code for the algorithms is in the `algorithms` package, organized by design pattern along the same lines as Levitin's textbook. Tests can be run from the root of the project with [nose2](https://nose2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/):

```shell
$ nose2
```

## Algorithms implemented
Searching
- Linear search
- String matching (brute force)

Sorting
- Bubble sort
- Insertion sort
- Selection sort

## Algorithms to do
Brute force and exhaustive search
- Closest pair (by brute force)
- Convex hull (by brute force)
- Traveling salesman
- Knapsack problem
- Assignment problem
- Depth-first search
- Breadth-first search

Decrease-and-conquer
- Topological sorting
- Generating permutations
- Generating subsets
- Binary search
- Fake-coin problem
- Russian peasant multiplication
- Josephus problem
- Selection problem
- Interpolation search
- Searching in a binary tree
- Inserting into a binary tree
- Game of Nim

Divide-and-conquer
- Merge sort
- Quicksort
- Height of a binary tree
- Binary tree traversals (preorder, postorder, inorder)
- Multiplication of large integers
- Strassen's matrix multiplication
- Closest pair
- Convex hull

Transform-and-conquer
- Gaussian elimination
- AVL trees
- 2-3 trees
- Heaps and heapsort
- Horner's Rule
- Least-common multiple
- Counting paths between two vertices in a graph
- Linear programming

Space and time trade-offs
- Counting sort
- Horspool's algorithm
- Boyer-Moore algorithm
- B-trees

Dynamic programming
- Knapsack problem
- Optimal binary search trees
- Warshall's algorithm (transitive closure)
- Floyd's algorithm (all-pairs shortest-paths)

Greedy technique
- Prim's algorithm (minimum spanning tree)
- Kruskal's algorithm (minimum spanning tree)
- Dijkstra's algorithm (single-source shortest-paths)
- Huffman encoding

Iterative improvement
- Maximum flow
- Maximum matching
- Stable marriage

Coping with limitations of algorithm power
- n-Queens problem
- Hamiltonian circuit problem
- Subset-sum problem
- Assignment problem
- Knapsack problem
- Traveling salesman
- Traveling salesman by approximation
- Knapsack problem by approximation
- Bisection method
- Method of false position
- Newton's method
